URL: https://www.automotiveworld.com/news/mercedes-benz-starts-production-gla-iracemapolis/

Skip to content
Latest:
BYD and Tesla ride Europe's EV surge in different ways
Hormuz blockade contributes to flat Isuzu outlook in 2026/27
Wallbox and Enode link chargers to European energy apps
Fiat Multiplay concept switches between pick-up and SUV
Peugeot to reveal two concept cars at Paris Motor Show
Denso adds 5.25MW solar installation at Tennessee plant
Toyota opens North American battery centre in Michigan
International opens online store for truck and bus parts
Valeo to integrate Wayve AI Driver into Nissan ProPilot
Xpeng to open G9L orders in Europe at Paris Motor Show
Forgot Password
Toggle menu tray
Subscribe
Toggle menu tray
“Our goal is to help stakeholders understand the future of mobility.”
Products
News
Analysis
Data
Intelligence Briefs
Newsletters
Magazine
Partner Content
Topics
OEMs
Markets
Artificial Intelligence
Autonomous Driving
China
Commercial Vehicle
E-Mobility
Manufacturing
Software-Defined Vehicle
Company
Contact Us
Editorial Calendar
Media Pack
Home › News › Mercedes-Benz starts production of the GLA in Iracemápolis
Mercedes-Benz starts production of the GLA in Iracemápolis
Five months after the official plant opening in Brazil, Mercedes-Benz has started the production of a second model at its new passenger-car plant in Iracemápolis. The compact SUV GLA will be flexibly assembled on the same line as the C-Class Sedan. Both models are bestseller of Mercedes-Benz in the Brazilian premium market. “By expanding the … Continued
By
Freddie Holmes
September 2, 2016
Five months after the official plant opening in Brazil, Mercedes-Benz has started the production of a second model at its new passenger-car plant in Iracemápolis. The compact SUV GLA will be flexibly assembled on the same line as the C-Class Sedan. Both models are bestseller of Mercedes-Benz in the Brazilian premium market.
“By expanding the local production in Brazil we are consistently strengthening our global competitiveness,” says Markus Schäfer, Member of the Divisional Board of Mercedes-Benz Cars, Manufacturing and Supply Chain Management. “With the launch of the GLA in Iracemápolis we are setting new standards in terms of flexibility and efficiency: For the first time, vehicles with front and rear-wheel drive are rolling off the same assembly line in one of our plants. This makes Iracemápolis benchmark within the global production network of Mercedes-Benz Cars.” The highly flexible production is enabled through a low degree of automation in the assembly.
As a qualification measure for the production of the GLA, Brazilian employees were sent to the sister plants in Pune, India, and in Kecskemét, Hungary. On-site, they could get familiar with the production processes in order to pass-on their knowledge to their colleagues in Ircaemápolis as multipliers. The company thereby ensures that all vehicles meet the high quality standards of Mercedes-Benz wherever they are produced.
“Our employees are highly motivated,” states Christ Wittke, plant manager Mercedes-Benz Iracemápolis plant. “With the support of the production network, we were optimally prepared for the launch of the GLA. The team did a great job managing the production start of two models within just a few months.”
About the Mercedes-Benz Iracemápolis plant
The Mercedes-Benz Iracemápolis plant is located in the São Paulo region and was opened in March 2016. It is part of the global assembly network of Mercedes-Benz. This network also includes the production facilities in India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. At these locations, Mercedes-Benz produces vehicles in various extension levels for local markets. The C-Class Sedan and the GLA are rolling o
Related content
October 1, 2026
BYD and Tesla ride Europe’s EV surge in different ways
October 1, 2026
Hormuz blockade contributes to flat Isuzu outlook in 2026/27
October 1, 2026
BYD’s overseas production will eventually replace exports
https://www.automotiveworld.com/news/mercedes-benz-starts-production-gla-iracemapolis/
Join our LinkedIn Group
Let us help you understand the future of mobility
"*" indicates required fields
Welcome back , to continue browsing the site, please click here
